Draft/opl rc (#4)
RoboCupAtHomeJP/AtHome2024: rules/OPL/rc_en.md

| &emsp; - Direct attention to the human(s) by using marker(s)             | $-17.5$ |
| &emsp; - Detect empty seats by using marker(s)                           | $-60$ |
| **Penalty**                                                              |  |
| &emsp; - Restart                                                         | Next earned score $\times 0.5$|
| &emsp; - Not attending (absence without permission)                      | $-500$ |
| **Total Score (including Bonus Task)**                                   | $500$ |

## Instructions

### To Volunteer

Volunteers are freely selected by the competing team, and will perform the following tasks:

- Gather five (5) minutes before the test starts.
- Receive instructions about the guests' information.
- The host must stay in the given *predefined location*.
- The guests may follow the orders given by the robot,
and not act by their own.

> [!WARNING]
> Any information about the guests must not be shared with the competing team.
Such action may result to the penalty in the scoring or disqualification of the team.

### To Referee

Referees are selected according to the *General Rules* and will perform the following tasks:

> - Gather five (5) minutes before the test starts.

Author: ```suggestion
- Gather thirty (30) minutes before the test starts.
```

- Receive instructions about the score sheet and guests' information.
- Score the competing team task.
- Confirm the score with the other referees and TC.
- Submit the score sheet to the TC.

> [!WARNING]
> Any information about the guests must not be shared with the competing team.
Such action may result to the penalty in the scoring or disqualification of the team.

### To TC

- During *Setup Days*:
   - Announce host's *predefined location*.
   - Announce name and drink list.
   - Announce robot's *Starting Location*.
- Before the test:
   - Announce host’s name and favorite drink.
   - Confirm the selected volunteers as host and guests by the competing team.
   - Assign names and drinks to three (3) volunteers.
- During the test:

>    - Arrange (and re-arrange) people in the *living room*.

Author: ```suggestion
   - Announce to the first guest who is sit in the *living room*, to *Switching Places* if required.
```
